docs: update bug report template (#545)
webpack-contrib/postcss-loader: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/BUG.md

about: Something went awry and you'd like to tell us about it.
---

> <!-- Please don't delete this template because we'll close your issue -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Please don't delete this template otherwise your issue will be closed immediately -->
```
